README.md, before:

# Softwares and atlas in bioinformatics

### Database/Atlas

- [Open Targets](https://platform.opentargets.org/) - Support identification and prioritization of biological targets 
- [ARCHS4](https://maayanlab.cloud/archs4/index.html) - Provide access to gene counts from HiSeq 2000, HiSeq 2500 and NextSeq 500 platforms for human and mouse experiments from GEO and SRA
- [GTEx](https://www.gtexportal.org/home/) - Tissue-specific gene expression and regulation
- [Human Cell Atlas (HCA)](https://data.humancellatlas.org/) - Comprehensive reference maps of all human cells
- [Cellxgene](https://cellxgene.cziscience.com/) - Find, download, and explore single cell data
- [Human Protein Atlas](https://www.proteinatlas.org/) - Map all the human proteins in cells, tissues, and organs
- [DICE](https://dice-database.org/) - A reference of transcriptomic and eQTL data for the human immune system
- [Tabula Muris](https://tabula-muris.ds.czbiohub.org/) - A compendium of single cell transcriptome data from the model organism Mus musculus
- [MetaboLights](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/metabolights/index) - A database for Metabolomics experiments
- [Metabolic Atlas](https://metabolicatlas.org/) - Open-source genome scale metabolic models (GEMs) for different species
- [RaMP (Relational Database of Metabolomic Pathways)](https://github.com/ncats/RaMP-DB/) - A comprehensive relational database of metabolomics pathways for pathway enrichment analysis of genes and metabolites
- [Reactome](https://reactome.org/) - Pathway database, intuitive bioinformatics tools for the visualization, interpretation and analysis of pathways
- [Omics Discovery Index (OmicsDI)](https://www.omicsdi.org/) - An open source platform to access, discover and disseminate omics datasets (proteomics, genomics, metabolomics, models and transcriptomics)

### Softwares
- [Learning About T Cells Through Data - Chapter 3 Flow](https://tcelldata.hammerlab.org/flow.html) - Using R packages to analyse flow cytometry data
- [The MetaRbolomics book](https://rformassspectrometry.github.io/metaRbolomics-book/) - Overview of R packages to analyse metabolomics data
- [MetScape 3 for Cytoscape](http://metscape.ncibi.org/index.html) - Bioinformatics framework for the visualization and interpretation of metabolomic and expression profiling data in the context of human metabolism
- [MetExploreViz](https://metexplore.toulouse.inrae.fr/metexploreViz/doc/index.php) - Visualize metabolic networks on many styles of nodes and edges
- [Shiny GAM](https://artyomovlab.wustl.edu/shiny/gam/) - A web-service for integrated transcriptional and metabolic network analysis (https://doi.org/10.1093/nar/gkw266)
- [OmniPath](https://omnipathdb.org/) - Integrated intra- and intercellular signaling knowledge for multicellular omics analysis

### Books on machine learning with R
- [Computational Genomics with R](http://compgenomr.github.io/book/)
- [Hands-On Machine Learning with R](https://bradleyboehmke.github.io/HOML/)
- [The caret Package](https://topepo.github.io/caret/index.html)

Commit message:

Add tutorials for scRNAseq analysis

README.md, after:

# Softwares and atlas in bioinformatics

### Database/Atlas

- [Open Targets](https://platform.opentargets.org/) - Support identification and prioritization of biological targets 
- [ARCHS4](https://maayanlab.cloud/archs4/index.html) - Provide access to gene counts from HiSeq 2000, HiSeq 2500 and NextSeq 500 platforms for human and mouse experiments from GEO and SRA
- [GTEx](https://www.gtexportal.org/home/) - Tissue-specific gene expression and regulation
- [Human Cell Atlas (HCA)](https://data.humancellatlas.org/) - Comprehensive reference maps of all human cells
- [Cellxgene](https://cellxgene.cziscience.com/) - Find, download, and explore single cell data
- [Human Protein Atlas](https://www.proteinatlas.org/) - Map all the human proteins in cells, tissues, and organs
- [DICE](https://dice-database.org/) - A reference of transcriptomic and eQTL data for the human immune system
- [Tabula Muris](https://tabula-muris.ds.czbiohub.org/) - A compendium of single cell transcriptome data from the model organism Mus musculus
- [MetaboLights](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/metabolights/index) - A database for Metabolomics experiments
- [Metabolic Atlas](https://metabolicatlas.org/) - Open-source genome scale metabolic models (GEMs) for different species
- [RaMP (Relational Database of Metabolomic Pathways)](https://github.com/ncats/RaMP-DB/) - A comprehensive relational database of metabolomics pathways for pathway enrichment analysis of genes and metabolites
- [Reactome](https://reactome.org/) - Pathway database, intuitive bioinformatics tools for the visualization, interpretation and analysis of pathways
- [Omics Discovery Index (OmicsDI)](https://www.omicsdi.org/) - An open source platform to access, discover and disseminate omics datasets (proteomics, genomics, metabolomics, models and transcriptomics)

### Softwares
- [Learning About T Cells Through Data - Chapter 3 Flow](https://tcelldata.hammerlab.org/flow.html) - Using R packages to analyse flow cytometry data
- [The MetaRbolomics book](https://rformassspectrometry.github.io/metaRbolomics-book/) - Overview of R packages to analyse metabolomics data
- [MetScape 3 for Cytoscape](http://metscape.ncibi.org/index.html) - Bioinformatics framework for the visualization and interpretation of metabolomic and expression profiling data in the context of human metabolism
- [MetExploreViz](https://metexplore.toulouse.inrae.fr/metexploreViz/doc/index.php) - Visualize metabolic networks on many styles of nodes and edges
- [Shiny GAM](https://artyomovlab.wustl.edu/shiny/gam/) - A web-service for integrated transcriptional and metabolic network analysis (https://doi.org/10.1093/nar/gkw266)
- [OmniPath](https://omnipathdb.org/) - Integrated intra- and intercellular signaling knowledge for multicellular omics analysis

### Books on machine learning with R
- [Computational Genomics with R by Altuna Akalin](http://compgenomr.github.io/book/)
- [Hands-On Machine Learning with R by Bradley Boehmke and Brandon Greenwell](https://bradleyboehmke.github.io/HOML/)
- [The caret Package by Max Kuhn](https://topepo.github.io/caret/index.html)

### Tutorials on analysis of single cell RNA-seq data
- [ANALYSIS OF SINGLE CELL RNA-SEQ DATA by Orr Ashenberg, Dana Silverbush and Kirk Gosik](https://broadinstitute.github.io/2020_scWorkshop/)
- [simpleSingleCell by Aaron Lun, Davis McCarthy and John Marioni](https://doi.org/doi:10.18129/B9.bioc.simpleSingleCell)
